WebClient/README.md, before:

# WebClient 

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.2.0.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

build: migrate Angular CLI version 11.2.0 --> 14.1.0

WebClient/README.md, after:

# WebClient 

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 14.1.0.

## Update version

1. Saving the changes.

2. Run `ng update @angular/cli @angular/core` for update version.

3. In case of errors, please migrate each major version individually.
Run `ng update @angular/cli@12` in your workspace directory to update to latest '12.x' version of '@angular/cli'.
Run `ng update` to determine the packages to update the project.
Run `npm outdated` to check for outdated npm packages.
Run `ncu` for npm check updates locally and `ncu -g` for npm check updates globally.

4. Run `npm install` to apply changes.
In case of errors, run `npm install --legacy-peer-deps` for automatic installation of peer-to-peer dependencies.

For help, you can use guide via [Angular Update Guide](https://update.angular.io/?v=13.0-14.0).

## Audit version

Run `npm audit` for dependency report details.
Run `npm audit fix --force` to address all issues (including breaking changes).

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component.

Run `ng g c component-name --skip-import` to skip default import and create component and once component is created import it manually wherever you want to use it.

You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
